Adds disclaimer to not use this list an excuse to stay away from Kubernetes (#22)
hjacobs/kubernetes-failure-stories: README.md

For more information, [see the blog post](https://srcco.de/posts/kubernetes-failure-stories.html).

# Disclaimer

> Please note that the purpose of this repository is to not denote that Kubernetes is bad and you should just stay away from it. The idea is to help you learn from these postmortems and mistakes of others and to not repeat them. Similar to this repository, there could have been a list of "Encryption Failure Stories" but that doesn't mean we shouldn't encrypting things – so don't use this repository as an excuse to stay away from Kubernetes.

Reviewer: What about rephrasing it like the following to promote the intent? 

```suggestion
Please note that the purpose of this repository is to learn from Kubernetes postmortems. These postmortems provide the experiences of your peers as potential guides to you on how you could troubleshoot and enhance your Kubernetes infrastructure.
```
